[Music]
welcome to slash forward in the ninth
puppetmaster film axis of evil let's get
to it
we opened a bodega bay familiar in well
Trent territory we find a young
Woodsmith cleaning a plank and gently
sanding making that grain pop as he
constructs the perfect chair we find out
the chairs have to be ready for a party
tomorrow which seems an unlikely goal at
this pace Danny is getting hit hard with
the melancholy as he listens to the
sounds of the party upstairs through the
conversation between Danny and sung
Colby come to find out that he had polio
preventing him from enlisting into
otherwise participating in fun times
his uncle encourages him to explore his
gift of wood craft but Danny just wants
to kill when he shows an enthusiasm for
tool ins puppetry uncle suggests he
tried to get a job assisting him when he
goes to pursue this we come to fear that
we've been tricked into another clip
movie but they're actually just Forrest
Gump and Annie into the background of
the original storyline he immediately
runs to the secret hiding spot and snags
some free toys then he returns home to
his mother's Chinatown apartment where
he and his older brother catch up and
bond over which nationalities they'd
like to kill the most while the brothers
engage in shenanigans and knots the
assassins meet up with their Japanese
contact who's hiding in a Kabuki opera
house in the middle of Chinatown they
find out their fellow Nazi contact
proved untrustworthy and was killed
although hesitant they all agree to a
temporary truce we cut back to Danny so
engrossed in giving his puppets a
delicate sponge bath that he forgets
about his date with Beth his best gal he
arrives at the bomb factory right at the
end of her break the boss mr. Gifford
comes out and gives him hell for having
polio and not sneaking his way onto the
front lines the exact thing danny
already hates himself for now wallowing
in his self-loathing he goes home and
lets out his frustration in front of his
puppets giving the trunk a good kick
revealing the formula and a new puppet
he immediately puts two and two together
and starts injecting some puppets
getting the animation underway excited
by his new discovery he arrives back at
Beth's job just in time to witness
himself getting cuckolded by a man named
Ben but whom Danny recognizes as a Nazi
assassin he tries to warn Beth but can't
overcome her in credulity besides he's
not from Germany fillies from Burbank
for heaven's sake that is silly Danny
leaves in a huff determined to prove
Ben's loyalty to the Fuhrer and files
him to the Opera House where his
suspicions are confirmed luckily for the
sake of demonstration the group is
having a meeting around a table on the
stage that is lit for a performance
they're poring over some schematics of
a plan to blow up the factory where Beth
works as they work on this blade and
pinhead sneak up they've almost
finalized their plane when pinhead
yoinks a piece of the blueprint and
blade creates a diversion by sticking a
Nazi in the calf despite this the bad
guys mostly stand and watch as Danny
picks them up and flees safe at home
Danny's unwinding from the excitement
when Don wakes up winded for reasons
likely best left unstated now Wow that
sandwich though is great they have an
interaction in which Don plays drunk
like an absolute mad lad this puts the
idea in Deena's head that's stopping
this terrorist group is his opportunity
to contribute to the war effort the next
day he tells Beth the whole deal she
doesn't believe in that first but he
reveals the puppets to err are they
while he's on a reconnaissance mission
the Nazis have already contacted his
prior employers who are fast and loose
with the concept of privacy and hand out
his home address when his mom answers a
knock at the door they immediately shoot
her Danny gets home and finds the
carnage his brothers momentarily alive
so they share a good cry and when he
expires Danny gives his bro the juice
and animates the final puppet before
setting out the same Beth Danny arrives
at the lair and sets to work taking out
the first guard with a leech and then
the ninja Shahrukh ins this guard in the
process of saving Beth as they engage in
a showdown Danny's wandering eye gets
his brother stabbed and they continue
with their double crosses and
explanations on stage he manages to get
a second wind and stabs man in the butt
which must have deeply perforated his
colon because he ends up dying in the
confusion no Zuki manages to make off
with the bomb setting up a sequel of
which there are two more in the series
with another completely new release in
2018 unfortunately most box that's only
included the first nine so this is where
we're gonna leave the series but don't
worry we'll have some more Dahl action
next week before starting in on an
entirely new series so come back and
check it out I hope you enjoyed the
video and thanks for watching